What!
Oh, I see.
What's so good about being so happy?
Yes, yes, I got the invitation
Invitation letter
Hey, is that Linglongyan's invitation letter?
It was Ling who just called me
The person in charge of Longyan
He will deliver the invitation in person tomorrow
Ah Linglongyan
Wow, that's pretty awesome!
Congratulations, but yeah, that's great.
Linglongyan, but all the powerful people will go
Will be the most luxurious banquet
Since there is an invitation letter, you can bring people in
When the time comes
I'll take you with me. That's great.
That's it, that's it, we can bring others, no
Yes, yes, yes. Can we bring someone?
Yeah, yeah, with friends.
Yes, yes.
But who are you bringing?
Ah.
Is there something wrong with your mother?
Yaoyao
How is my uncle's condition? Is the money enough?
If it's not enough, I'll transfer it to you.
It's a matter of money, it's been solved.
And my dad's illness has been cured
What? Didn't you say that uncle is ill?
This, you have to see more of our great doctor Luoying
Our Luoshen doctor is not only in the hospital
Show your might
Not only did he cure my father
And slapped a Dr. Turtle in the face
And now chief of surgery
Congratulations, Meng Yunjian, oops, it's nothing.
Someone secretly sucked it for me, I said
What hahaha wow
Sister Luo Ying is already so powerful
I can also help Sister Luo Ying
Doesn't that mean that Sister Luo Ying has met her sweetheart?
Ah!
Yes.
Then this time I also have someone I want to bring
Met the legendary Mr. Yun Mo
It's hard to meet him
So I don't want to give up this fate
Then I won't sell it
I met Zephyr Gege
So this time I want to take him with me
The three of you
Have their own little thoughts